DOC: add info on how to validate examples (#262)
bids-standard/bids-examples: README.md

> **ALL RAW DATA FILES IN THIS REPOSITORY ARE EMPTY!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

However for some of the data, the headers containing the metadata are still
intact.
(For example the NIfTI headers for `.nii` files, or the BrainVision data
headers for `.vhdr` files.)

Headers are intact for the following datasets:

- `synthetic`
- Most EEG or iEEG data in BrainVision format (e.g., `eeg_matchingpennies`)

> # Validating BIDS Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Validating BIDS examples
```

The next three sections mention a few details on how the `bids-examples` can be validated using `bids-validator`.

For general information on the `bids-validator`, including installation and usage, see the
[bids-validator README file](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-validator#quickstart).

> ## Validating Individual Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Validating individual examples
```

> As mentioned above, all raw data files in this repository are empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since all raw data files in this repository are empty,
```

> That means that for validation, the `bids-validator` needs to be configured to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `bids-validator` must to be configured to not report empty data files as errors.
```

> appropriately report the bids-examples as "passing"

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> (see more on bids-validator configuration in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(See more on bids-validator configuration in the
```

> [bids-validator README](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-validator#configuration)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[bids-validator README](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-validator#configuration).)
```

> One easy way to get around the error that the files-to-be-validated are empty,
> is by ignoring that error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Just run the validator as follows (using the `eeg_matchingpennies` dataset as an example,
and assuming you are in a command line at the root of the `bids-examples` repository):

`bids-validator eeg_matchingpennies --config.ignore=99`

> The `--config.ignore=99` "flag" will make sure that the "empty file" error will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--config.ignore=99` "flag" tells the bids-validator to ignore empty data files rather than to report the "empty file" error .
```

For datasets that contain NIfTI `.nii` files, you also need to add the `ignoreNiftiHeaders` flag

> to the `bids-validator` call, to supress the issue that NIfTI headers are not found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the `bids-validator` call, to suppress the issue that NIfTI headers are not found.
```

For example:

`bids-validator ds003 --config.ignore=99 --ignoreNiftiHeaders`

> ## Validating All Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Validating all examples
```

If you want to validate all examples in one go, you can use the `run_tests.sh` script that is provided in this repository.

> This script furthermore makes use of the `bidsconfig.json` configuration file for the `bids-validator`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script  makes use of the `bidsconfig.json` configuration file for the `bids-validator`,
```

and appropriately handles some special case examples (see [Validator Exceptions](#validator-exceptions)).

Simply run `bash run_tests.sh` in a command line from the root of the `bids-examples` repository.

> ## Validator Exceptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Validator exceptions
```

Other datasets may include a `.SKIP_VALIDATION` file, to skip the validation with the continuous integration service.
This is useful for datasets that *cannot* pass at the moment due to lack of coverage in the [bids-validator](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-validator).

Note however, that the `.SKIP_VALIDATION` file only impacts the continuous integration service,

> or validation when run with the `run_tests.sh` script (see [Validating All Examples](#validating-all-examples)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or validation when run with the `run_tests.sh` script (see [Validating all examples](#validating-all-examples)).
```

> It will **not** have any effect when running `bids-validator` from custom scripts, the web-based validator, docker, or from the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file does  **not** have any effect when running `bids-validator` from custom scripts, the web-based validator, docker, or from the command line.
```

[new GitHub Issue](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-examples/issues/new)
and ask us directly.

> # Dataset Index

Author: ```suggestion
# Dataset index
```
